So now at a walk to the general structure in the last module.
Let's focus on the apps folder now.
Got this app component in there.
And remember what we see in the browser we see app works here.
Now we see that there has to be someplace in all these files where we can see that string and I can
tell you that it is in the app component it would be logical to look into the app component HDMI file
right.
Because that kind of seems to hold.
Well HVM all code we see if we all bet we are almost there.
We see there's the age one tagon if we look closely then this looks like age one tech but we see tidal
in there between curly braces.
Now if you went through the beauteous module you might recognize the syntax angular also uses call he
braces to output dynamic content.
String interpellation is what it's called.
I will come back to it though.
So we put some dynamic content here.
The question is Where is the source of this content.
Well probably in one of the Abra app component files because well this fall is named a component HMO
would be logical to look in the Arrow which all of our named app components.
Probably not s.c.s asphalt which sounds like it's important for styling this component or whatever it
is the component parts Bektashi for all of the wrong side because that is just a file which is you need
it for unit testing something.
I also want to touch on here.
But this falls here looks promising.
App component dot ts ts for typescript.
If we open this we see some code which looks a bit like javascript but then again it doesn't.
We've got this strange at cupholder thing and we use a class which we seem to export now.
Both are not javascript features.
Well classes are at E6 future.
But the component thing not well here however we see AB works and we see it's stored in this tidal property
of this class.
So we clearly have a connection between the ABC1 HDMI fault where we output title and the title property
here and that indeed is how anger works.
You have components you build your whole app with components.
You all of us have one root component the app component and we'll come back to our data is loaded in
the next lecture.
But there we then have a connection between a template and as you can see we kind of set up this connection
here in the template you are l where we point to this file and then in the template we can output properties
or any results from our types of father could also call a method there.
For example datus how Anglo works.
It uses these components and it has this root app component.
Now we need to find out how these root component gets loaded.
So now that we understood why the app works here we need to understand why does that get loaded.
It's just one of many files in the end.